Create 2025-01-08.md (#705)
solid/specification: meetings/2025-01-08.md

* RG: What are the things that we as community feel we shouldn't only discuss among us but bring attention of the WG to it. What as the community we think should be available.
* MdJ: It would make sense if CG had consensus which we could bring to LWS. We don't have it so it is up to them to pick what they prefer. There is no single voice comming from community, other than what is already in the protocol spec.
* RG: There is the whole issue how we want to support features for C2C spects that are relevant for the server. There is one orther issue raised last year, about pod portability. Do we want to work on the solution for that?
* MdJ: That would make sense.

> * eP: I think we should try to make a joint meeting between CG and WG to sync up and discuss how the collaboration should look.
> * eP: For me access delegation is a key requirement, both for authorizing apps and group based access control.
> * 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* eP: I think we should try to have a joint meeting of the Solid CG and the LWS WG, to sync up and discuss how the collaboration should look.
* eP: For me access delegation is a key requirement, both for authorizing apps and for group-based access control.
```
